We're displaying our image here on the card on the home page.
Now I mentioned that I want to center the text here so let's simply add text center to ion card content
to centered this title and description so that this looks nice.
And then I want to hook up this on open place method to open this single place page.
So on open place will receive the place as an argument.
This will be of type place.
We're already importing this model so we don't need to add the import and endless method.
I now want to open this single place page as a model.
Therefore I don't need the nav controller here but I will need the modal controllers.
Let's quickly inject this year to modem a controller like this.
Make sure you imported from my onic angler.
We can remove nav control now and then in an open place.
I want to use this Modal controller to create a modal and of course I will treat this Modal on my single
place abse place page like this.
Make sure to import this page at the top too.
Of course this should be stored in Xyrem constant and then I can simply pre-sent the modal to open this
detail page in the modal.
Though of course I also want to pass some data to the mole as a second argument and to create Meffert
here and the data is the place we loaded.
Now any single place page I'll get rid of this comment here at the top.
I don't need the nav control.
I do need to have parents to extract the data.
Nice challenge for you to practice this again.
And removed the control import.
So now try to extract replace data we're passing to that model.
Shouldn't be too difficult.
I'll remove this here in the meantime.
So where is successful.
You of course need to add a place property here like this and imported from your models folder and then
in the constructor.
We can extract the data with denay parents year by getting the place property because again remember
place of rosted name which shows here in the home fall.
This property name year where we assign our place of value to.
So if that I'm extracting the place and I'm storing it in this place property here now in the template
office place motile I'll get rid of this comment as a title.
I want to output the place title or place.
Does of course have a title and then in the content you are free to create any content you want all
use to good old grid for days with a column here in the first row where I want to output the image.
I'm just going to center this image.
It is treated like a text to inline element in S S S right.
So let's add the image here.
Let's also bind this image to our image.
You are all and below this.
I'll add another row with the number of Cullinan side of course.
Here I want to output my description in a paragraph just like this.
So of putting all the data I have and below that I actually want to display this map excerpt so here
in this column I'm again going to use the Google Map component from this third party plug in.
And I'm going to set the latitude of the expert on one to display which will be my place and their location
and their due let property and then the same forward you long and of course again place location in
the LNG also set the soome to have a nice zoom factor back to the good old 16 I used all the time.
And I also want to display a marker in this map so SBM Google Map Margarets now added.
And on this marker as before I'm also going to set the latitude place location latitude and then also
the long it would and of course I can display a marker here because this will always be the place the
user chose.
We do have a place available.
So if that I'm setting this and important don't forget India is as fall we need to set the bounds of
our Google map here or the height at least.
So I'll set this to be 250 pixels used.
And with that back and template we're having is maps snippet included.
Now below it I'll add another row of some buttons in the first column I'll add another color and soon
I want to have a button which allows me to simply dismiss this modal.
So this will be a normal ion button which should be block button color could be what let's stick to
the normal color.
So then I'll simply add a click listener where I'll say on leave executing on leave Meffert and then
I'll add another column next to just cover that column where I'll have a number button also at the end
button directive of course but this button will now also be a block button but also received the danger
colored to be read.
Because here I want to delete this place so I'll call on delete.
Also give this Pat button some captions leave and delete.
And with that the template has prepared the template of the detail page we should be able to see our
page.
Our students are a detail place with that.
Now already want to hook up those buttons at least to dismiss them all with them.
So I'm going to be on leave button here and we need the View Controller to dismiss them all right.
So let's quickly inject the view controller here like this.
Make sure to imported from ionic angular
and with it and check that in on leave I can call this the controller dismissed to just dismiss the
modal and an on the lead.
Well here I actually also want to call this on leave abse on leave to the this Mr. motile But before
doing so I want to reach out to my service and delete the place though.
This is something I'll do in the next lecture.